hey guys I haven't done an outfit of the
day lately so I thought I'd do want
because I like this one today and I
think this is um 5 i'm not sure i don't
remember so i have my makeup like I do
every day just gray I'm I can't Manson
contacts in from pinky paradise pinky
paradise calm and I have my extension
gun from mini has 888.com and they don't
match because I need to read item before
back to school but yeah so then i have
my rob zombie t-shirt from mayhem like
the concert i went to mayhem fest bull
and you played so i wanna rob zombie
shirt and it's the veterans wrap your
shirt so I'm really love this shirt and
then i have shit
just regular shorts on from like giant
egg I don't know black short thigh highs
and my garter keeping them up from ebay
so and I'm not wearing any food so yeah
that's what I just like this picture
pictures at the end and where I got
everything I forget yeah thanks for
watching
you